NOTICE
1. Original Work
This software includes or is derived from the MAN (Modal Analysis of Nanoresonators) program, originally developed by:

T. Wu (wutong1121@gmail.com)

D. Arrivault, W. Yan, and P. Lalanne (philippe.lalanne@institutoptique.fr)

Affiliations: LP2N (IOGS, CNRS, Univ. Bordeaux) and Westlake University.

Reference: 
Wu, T., Arrivault, D., & Lalanne, P. (2022). MAN (Modal Analysis of Nanoresonators). 
Modal analysis of electromagnetic resonators: User guide for the MAN program, Computer Physics Communications (2023) (8.3, Vol. 284, p. 108627). In https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cpc.2022.108627,
Zenodo. https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.7400937



2. Modifications and Extensions
The original MAN program has been significantly modified and extended by Yuchen Sun and Guangwei Hu (Nanyang Technological University,  ycsun068@gmail.com or guangwei.hu@ntu.edu.sg) starting from 2025/2026. 

Key Contributions & Enhancements:

Floquet-QNM Integration: Developed a novel simulation framework for time-modulated (Floquet) Quasi-Normal Mode systems.

Performance Optimization: Implemented advanced computational electromagnetics algorithms providing up to 2500x acceleration in specific benchmarks compared to commercial software.

Extended Functionality: Integrated specialized interfaces for MATLAB-COMSOL co-simulation and data processing. For Floquet Mie theory, the scripts [\Floquet modulation\Figures_in_manuscript\Static_case_validation\Fig2.nb & SFig1.nb & SFig2.nb]are running on Mathematica.


3. Implementation & Reproducibility
[!IMPORTANT]
To maintain the modularity of our extensions while leveraging the robust manifold of the MAN 8.3 program, all novel algorithms for Floquet modulation are stored in the /Floquet_modulation directory.


Integration Steps:

Project Integration: Move the entire \Floquet modulation\ folder into the [man-8.3 released]\ directory.


Solver Setup: Move (cut) the buildBowtieF.m, buildCubesubstrateF.m, buildDolmenF.m, buildNanorodF.m, buildSphereF.m files from:[man-8.3 released]\Floquet modulation\ModelsF\ into:[man-8.3 released]\SOLVERS\EIG\MODELS\3D\



Reproducibility: All figures presented in our manuscript can be generated by running the corresponding scripts located in:[man-8.3 released]\Floquet modulation\Figures_in_manuscript\

We have simplified running all these script into the script \Floquet modulation\Figures_in_manuscript\run_and_get_all_figures.m. All the figures and table inside our manuscript can be obtained after running this script.


4. Licensing

This derivative work is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0.

The original MAN source code remains under its original copyright held by the authors listed in Section 1.

The modifications and new modules are Copyright (C) 2026 Yuchen Sun and Guangwei Hu.
